in the seller dashbord when he wants to add the product, add a functionality to add product by the image url from internet, it can be single and multiple and these url pictures should be renderd on the users interface... also the second problem is that when sellers add the product, there is expiry and manufacturing date is given, it is not getting rendered on the user interface when the user purchase it, it should be shown to user, also another problem is that when seller ticks on whether this product is vegan , organic if he tick any one of them , it should be rendered on the product description while user purchase it .. next problem is that user add the product quantity by the multiple variants so if the seller add the variats like 500 1000 whether it is kg ml litre anything user should have a choice to select.. Build this logic on your own in detail.... the next problem is that when seller add the multiple variants while creating a products , and in manage product, the multiple variant system should be editable it is not getting rendered there , so build logic for this also neatly... also the manage products screen is also like the strips make it looking like the card as we edited for the orders tab... also edit the edit form of the product... the enhanced prompt is 1. Product Image via URL (Single + Multiple)
Allow sellers to:
Add single or multiple image URLs
Input should support dynamic addition/removal of fields
Validate:
Proper URL format
Must be an image (jpg, png, webp)
Store images as:
images: [String]
On the User Interface (Product Page):
Render all images in:
Main preview image
Image carousel / gallery
First image should be default preview
📅 2. Manufacturing & Expiry Date Visibility
While creating product:
manufacturingDate: Date,
expiryDate: Date
On User Side:
Display clearly in product details section:
"Manufactured on: DD/MM/YYYY"
"Expiry Date: DD/MM/YYYY"
Add logic:
If product expired → show:
⚠️ "This product is expired"
Disable purchase button
🌱 3. Vegan / Organic Flags
Seller can toggle:
isVegan: Boolean,
isOrganic: Boolean
On Product Page:
Show badges:
🌱 Vegan
🍃 Organic
Only show badge if true
⚖️ 4. Product Variants (Dynamic Selection)
Seller can add multiple variants like:
variants: [
  {
    value: Number, // 500, 1000
    unit: String,  // g, kg, ml, litre
    price: Number,
    stock: Number
  }
]
On User Side:
Show dropdown / selectable buttons:
Example: 500g | 1kg | 2L
When user selects variant:
Price updates dynamically
Stock validation applies
✏️ 5. Editable Variants in Manage Products
Fix issue where variants are not visible/editable
On "Manage Products":
Each product should show:
Variant list
Edit button
Edit form should:
Pre-fill existing variants
Allow:
Add new variant
Edit existing
Delete variant
🧾 6. Manage Products UI (Card Layout)
Replace strip/list UI with card-based layout

Each product card should include:

Product Image
Product Name
Price Range (based on variants)
Stock status
Vegan / Organic badges
Buttons:
Edit
Delete
🛠️ 7. Enhanced Product Edit Form

Improve UX:

Sections:
Basic Info
Images (URL based)
Variants
Dates
Tags (Vegan/Organic)
Features:
Live image preview from URL
Add/remove variant fields dynamically
Toggle switches for Vegan/Organic
Date picker UI
🔄 8. Data Consistency Between Seller & User

Ensure:

All seller inputs reflect on user UI:
Images
Dates
Variants
Tags
Use consistent API response format:
{
  name,
  images,
  variants,
  manufacturingDate,
  expiryDate,
  isVegan,
  isOrganic
}
⚡ 9. Bonus Improvements (Highly Recommended)
Auto-select first variant by default
Show:
"Only X left" if stock low
Lazy load images
Add skeleton loaders for UI
Validation for:
Expiry > Manufacturing date.... Note: Strictly use Fontawesome icons dont use any lucide or emojis.... Take your time